Hi, hi everybody, hello, I'm Elisha, welcome to Harmontown, I'm your cop trolling,
now, welcome to the stage, your mayor, Ann Harmon.
Alright, thank you. Another big crowd. You haven't been here lately.
No, I haven't.
There's a lot of big crowds lately.
That's good.
Good.
So that Yahoo influence.
Yep.
A lot of people with those Yahoo email addresses,
you know, I'm doing a TV show for Yahoo now.
I don't even know if you know that.
I haven't talked to you in a long time.
I know that.
I do know that.
OK.
I don't know how it's associated with Netanyahu, though.
No.
I mean, I don't think they ever claimed that it should be.
That was just a coincidence.
We're all tied into Netanyahu, though.
I mean, everyone's tied to Netanyahu, yes.
Because he's starting World War III, so.
It's a serious issue.
And you should apply for the appropriate email domain
to reflect that.
Guest Comptroller Duncan Tressall, everybody.
Oh!
Hello.
Jeff is in Nashville.
We don't know why.
Jeff's just in Nashville.
He's just hanging out.
He's Instagramming.
He's dicking around.
Captioning things like, I'm finally home.
So, so, fuck you.
Fine.
Go home.
You really don't know why he's there?
No.
I never know.
I don't ask.
The thing with Jeff is, you don't want to encourage him.
I just, you don't want to, you don't want to ask him things and go to him with needs.
He just abuses it.
That's what they said about John Wayne Gacy.
They said that you don't want to encourage him.
Don't ask him questions.
He likes to dress like a clown.
Hang out with kids.
It's fine.
But also, don't encourage him.
I've been a lot of people encourage John Wayne Gacy.
That's the thing.
Like, if you encourage Jeff Davis, you're going to have a John Wayne Gacy situation in your
hands in like two weeks tops.
All right.
So, what are we talking about tonight?
Let's see here.
Bring up my Evernote.
One thing I would like to talk about is the Uber ride that I had to work today.
I had to, I had to drive to work and didn't want to drive, took an Uber.
And the guy, sometimes the Uber app, you can see the black car and you can watch.
Sometimes the guy, it's foreshadowing.
Like, you know, you got a bad guy.
It's like the black car is like driving around in circles all around.
Like, just going around your house, just watching it.
Like, if you're watching like a six-year-old play Pac-Man, there's like this car, I can't
go around.
Like, oh, that's one of these guys.
Guy pulls up.
Now I'm late for work.
But I'm the boss who cares.
But I get in the thing and then you have that conversation.
You're like, okay, these are more red flags because you're like, okay, I'm going to Burbank
and he's like, Bur-Bork?
I'm like, Burbank, Burbank.
It's like, B-O-R-M-A-R-T.
No, that's Bor-Mart.
That's a fictional planet, Burbank.
You can't have not been here long enough that you couldn't do, like it's Burbank.
And it's fine that you're that new, but why are you driving anyone anywhere for money?
That's insane.
I'm not driving and I've been here for 20 years because I'm afraid I'll get lost.
And so I called you Bor-Mart.
So he types the thing in and then he's like, he can't get out of my neighborhood.
He doesn't know where the thing is.
And I was driving around and I'm like, go left, go right.
Now you're the thing.
He gets in the freeway.
He starts going 90 miles per hour to Burbank.
And then I'm like, okay, this is how I die and I'm going to, but I'm not going out.
I'm not going to be one of these people that dies going, I don't want to die.
I'm going to go out, check in my email.
So I check my email and then I'm looking at it and getting grossed and that stuff.
And then I feel the car slowing.
I feel it.
And then I look up and I'm like, why are we slowing?
I didn't feel it get off anything.
Like usually there's more of that kind of like events where your unconscious brain knows you're getting off the freeway.
Whether you're listening.
So I look up and there's this exit at Burbank and you can either go west or east.
And so there's a little fork there, but you're on the freeway.
He has stopped.
There's SUV.
Probably not his SUV.
Probably a family member's SUV.
And he is like, he's going, sir?
And I looked up and I went, oh Jesus.
And he went, yeah, which way?
And I went west.
Wherever the thing that you put.
And he's like, okay.
And he starts the car on the freeway and he keeps going like it was his driveway.
And like this was all normal.
He pulls over the thing.
So after that, so the block span between that and getting dropped off at Starburns Industries and Burbank where I went to work today.
I'm thinking to myself, all right, Harmon, this is it.
You're giving this guy less than five stars.
Finally, this is it.
I've never done it before.
I've never done it because there's this thing with the Uber culture where you're like,
the people that you might give four stars, the whole reason you might give them four stars,
I create this backstory for them.
And I'm like, well, then they're fucked.
And like, how is that going to help society?
And like, maybe the bad drivers should get more encouragement.
I'm not going to be the guy that knocks a guy off the fucking Cubert thing.
There was a thing called Cubert.
Look at him.
So in the one block, I'm resolved.
I'm like, four stars.
That's enough for this guy.
He's stopped on the freeway.
Four stars, I'm thinking.
He pulls up to the curb to let me out.
And then I'm like, and an Uber exchange, like, you don't have to change any money.
That's the nice thing about Uber.
It's like, you're done.
You can leap out of the car and run away.
He stops and he turns back and he says, like, OK, thank you very much.
It's so nice.
Thank you very much.
And I don't know if that's a fair accent or if that's...
And I don't know what...
So, and I go, thank you, thank you.
And I swear to God, this is what I heard.
I can't verify that this is what he said.
This is exactly what I heard.
He said, I make a five stars.
And I almost started crying as I got out and I fucking, you better...
I wish I could give him six stars.
No, no, you...
I make a five stars.
He sounded like fucking Mario.
I make the cake for my wife today.
I drive you all around.
I make a five stars.
I couldn't fucking deal with it.
He's the guy in Saving Private Ryan, Benny Grable, Benny Grable.
That's how the Holocaust happens, man.
OK, connect those dots for me.
I thought that's how you avoid the Holocaust.
No!
You have to... Here's the thing.
All right.
That guy, what happens the next time he stops on the interstate?
Right.
That's the guy that puts the knife that's going...
At the end of Saving Private Ryan.
Oh, no, no, no.
I make a five stars.
You're right, you're right, you're right.
Hundreds of people get died.
Hundreds of people.
You're right, I fucked up.
I fucked up again.
I fucked up.
We need a special Uber drone that follows Uber passengers
and checks up on their ratings so that you can wait their rating
because I'm just going to give you five stars
if you fucking pick me up.
That's it.
Because I can't handle it.
I can't handle the pressure.
I got off on it.
I got off on the idea when it was introduced
because I was so sick of the no-star taxi system
where the only rule was that you call a taxi
and if they got time for you, they'll try to make the time.
And if you and all don't fit into their system,
you can go fuck yourself and there's no communication
and it's a public utility and they have a monopoly.
And so when Uber came out, it was like, fuck the police.
Yeah!
I don't know how the police are involved,
but fuck everybody.
Fuck the taxi police.
And it was like, it was so great because you felt the fear.
You could feel the fear.
You could taste it.
Everybody that picked you up was like,
oh shit, I don't know how to Uber, right?
And it was just like fucking everything had turned on its ear.
The consumer was in control.
The people ruled.
Capitalism was being presented in its proper form.
There were people competing for your favor.
It felt good.
But it had nothing to do.
And then slowly but surely, you know, your girlfriend gets her Uber ride.
She's like, that guy was creepy.
What do you mean?
Oh, I'll tell you a story.
Ah!
What did you do?
I gave him three stars.
Jesus.
I think it's our hitchhiking.
It's like our generation's hitchhiking.
Like when you talk to like people from the 60s,
it was a normal thing to like just hitch a ride.
It wasn't something that would,
now if you hear someone as a hitchhiker or as hitchhiked,
you look at them in terror,
because the idea is like one out of three hitchhikers
ends up in an alligator's stomach in a swamp.
Can we talk about that for a second?
Because like, it's that thing,
like what are these social changes that happen?
How much are they reflective of actual incidents?
Because like, we're all aware,
some of you are so young that you might have been
aware of the transition,
but this society is obsessed with fucking children.
Like, if you mention a child,
if you mention, if you say,
oh my cousin, I went with my 11 year old cousin to the thing,
someone in the writer's room, someone around you
is going to tee up the fuck,
the fact that like, it's like the young child,
it's like the dot connection to...
It's called the Nancy Grace effect.
It's like, it's from Nancy Grace,
because if you watch Nancy Grace for more than two episodes,
and then you drive down the road and see a kid alone,
something will flash through your mind where you're like,
should I rape and kill that kid?
Exactly.
Thank you for putting into words what I couldn't...
I don't know why that was hard to articulate.
No, but seriously, on a more gray level than that,
but I mean, that's the comedic, glib, exaggerated thing,
the condition that we're...
But that's what we're all...
It starts with people telling you
that everyone out there wants to fuck your kid,
and then that turns into a joke.
Because it's like, it's in the zeitgeist.
So it's like, kid-fucking, that's a thing.
Hey, everybody hear about the kid-fucking?
The thing about kid-fucking is that it's zero overhead...
As a news item, as a rumor, as a myth,
it is zero overhead, it costs nothing to create that myth,
and it profits you mythically like a thousand percent.
If you're Verizon, it's zero risk high yield
if you're in the business of affecting people.
Or if you're an advertiser, because if there's a famous...
If a child rapist gets arrested,
then that creates more viewers to the news
and more viewers...
Absolutely, everyone wants to know, oh my god, did you hear?
There's a guy, he fucked a kid.
News at 11, I'm like, oh god, what does he look like?
How did he do it?
What did he say to do it?
What did it look like when he did it?
We're fucking horrible people,
and we watch the Sopranos, and we watch Casino,
and we watch the...
Every time somebody eats a bunch of people,
puts their heads in the fridge, the idea of kid-fucking,
it's perfectly fine for us to be...
Fucking voyeuristically fucking stirred up by this shit,
because my god, I mean, of course,
if you're in a society and you're happy,
one of the biggest things you're going to think about
is what if this all fell apart, holy shit?
If you build a city in Minecraft,
you start to think about, oh shit,
how do I keep this safe from creepers?
I put it in terms our audience could understand.
As soon as you have something cool going,
of course your next thought is,
what if somebody fucks it up?
So you love your kid, you love your kid,
like my mom did, he's six years old,
you take him to the shopping mall,
I got to go to the bathroom, my mom's not a boy,
so she's not going to come to the boys' room with me,
I don't know, I'm at that age,
I'm going to go to the bathroom by myself at the mall,
my mom's going to wait outside at Orange Julius.
What's she going to say to me?
She's going to say, well, I'll tell you what she did say.
Don't talk to anybody, don't let anybody touch you,
because there are guys out there that'll try to talk to you
and touch you and then they'll cut off your penis with a knife.
Good mom, good mom.
Really, in the strictest sense, good mom.
In terms of keeping your kid from getting his cock cut off,
like doing her job individually,
but then we were part of this honeycomb,
and it's like, now you're clicking forward on emails,
oh, there's a guy out there,
he's waiting in the Toys R Us parking lot,
and what he does is he puts a Donald Duck under the tire
and then he puts a key next to him,
and you get the key, it sucks on your dick,
and he cuts it off,
and he puts it in the Donald Duck,
and then he mails it,
and if you don't forward this, it couldn't happen to you.
It just becomes this thing,
and all the energy behind it, though,
as you said before, it's driven by this insane primal fear
we have underneath us.
People who are tremendously afraid of heights like me,
when they look over a balcony,
what they'll tell people,
because we've studied these people for ages,
there is an inextricable phenomenon
involved in the tremendous fear of heights
that, and it makes no sense,
but it's like you feel,
as you're looking over the edge of the balcony,
like you're gonna jump off,
like you wanna jump off,
like you know how,
and you could really easily,
and you fantasize about what it would be like to jump off,
and that's what vertigo's all about,
vertigo's not the phrase,
but just that fear that people feel
when they can't go near the edge of the balcony,
they feel like,
I'm only a couple quick born identity moves
for just,
and I know exactly what they are,
because I'm afraid of heights.
People, everybody has become obsessed with fucking children.
We are looking at children now,
and going like,
oh, I wonder if anyone thinks I'd like to fuck that kid.
That's the end result, isn't it?
That's why there's something so satanic about the fact
that the reason we all know about child fuckers
is not because there's some organization
that really wants to get the news
of child fuckers out into the world.
The reason we know about child fuckers
is that people tend to stay through the commercial break
to find out about the child fucker.
I would, yeah.
Well, that's a really dark thing
when you realize that every time a child gets fucked,
then it sells a certain amount of iPhones or cars.
Yeah.
So there's like a profit,
the profit of corporations increases
every time a child is fucked.
There's a direct profit increase that happens.
That's where it gets like,
if someone came up to you,
if you're walking down the sidewalk
and the guy comes up to you and he's like,
hey, do you want to hear this story about a child
that got raped and fucked?
And you're like, yeah, I'd love to.
And he's like, okay, great,
but let me tell you about the new iPhone
right there.
I'm like, what the fuck's wrong with you?
It's so dark.
But that's what the news does every single night.
That's their function.
Yeah.
But the big question is,
and it's not a rhetorical question,
because I don't know,
because I was raised in the 70s,
so lots of stuff has changed.
The population of the planet has doubled.
Is there actually more of this going on?
Don't know.
I think, you know,
I was hoping maybe somebody in the audience
would go like,
I am a child fuck statistician.
It's increased 200%.
But I would even then say,
it's like, well, okay, it increased 200%,
so did the population.
But it's bad to fuck kids now.
Like Socrates, when Socrates-
It's as bad as ever.
No, it used to be okay.
Socrates was like a legendary child fucker, right?
If you read some of Socrates' writings,
he talks about, there's some terrible,
it's free on Kendall,
I remember stumbling upon it.
But it's really spooky,
because Socrates is trying to seduce
a 14-year-old boy.
It's like a process of like,
so I think that's why they gave him a hemlock.
I think that's why they killed him,
is because he was constantly fucking kids.
But he used to be okay.
Like now it's bad, but it used to be okay.
Guys, I didn't invent this.
I do think that like,
it was an okay thing at one point.
I make a five stars.
Can you tell me about these Japanese robots
you were telling me about?
Yes, very excited about this.
Next year, they're releasing
the first consumer-based humanoid robot
that has hands.
The videos I've seen,
it mostly just seems to dance and stuff,
but it has a thumb and hands
that seem to work really well,
which means that it theoretically
is going to be able to go to your refrigerator,
bring you a beer,
stab you to death in the night.
If someone hacks it.
But yeah, these are coming out next year.
It's like the very first wave of robots
that are going to inhabit our homes
within the next 20 years.
When you go to someone's house,
if they don't have a robot,
it'll be the same thing
as like not having a refrigerator.
Or a VCR in the 80s,
like you go to your friend's house,
it's like, oh, you know,
my remote has a cord on it that goes to the TV.
Mine doesn't, nerd.
That's how little kids will be going over.
The fucking plastic dude will come out.
How wild, Steve?
That's it.
Want a beer?
And it'll do it all fucked up,
but everybody will be like,
get a robot.
Does it seem,
is it like now that we've gotten
to the bottom of the pedophilia thing
and how that like,
so part of the self-destructive impulse we have,
doesn't it seem like we're in a race
against ourselves to create
enough technology
that we can finally get mad?
Like, aren't we,
all the movies that we write
are about how fucked up it is
that computers are smarter than us
and how they're going to take over one day.
But every dollar we spend,
including on those movies,
but more importantly,
way more than on those movies
we spend on all these devices
and all these things
that we really want,
and this includes me,
you want like,
artificial intelligence to happen.
Well, yeah, it's a,
I just read this very creepy thought experiment.
I wish I could remember the name of it.
Somebody's Basilisk is the name
of the thought experiment,
but the idea is that,
does someone know this?
Did you guys read this blog?
Roscoe.
Someone said that.
Roscoe's Basilisk?
No.
It's such a,
it sounds like the best country song ever.
Are you saying that into your
muffled hands?
Because you, because you could...
I'm totally saying verbal hands.
I don't know very much about it.
I'm sorry.
Oh, okay.
Well, so you don't want,
you don't want to come up
and be the Roscoe's Basilisk expert?
I mean, I'd really love to, but...
I bet you know more about it
than I do,
and I started talking about it
in front of a room full of people.
But it...
What if we gave you an out
and said you're not supposed to know
about all this
and we just wanted to make a new friend?
I have no idea what's talking about.
Oh, what were we talking about?
Oh, okay.
Well, all right.
All right.
The thought experiment is that,
but if you look at the direction
that technology is going,
you can see that there's a kind of
inevitable birth of a sentient,
super-intelligent, cyborg,
computer, AI that will be
so much more advanced than us
that we react to it in the same way
like dogs react to us.
So you could see that that's where it's going.
You know, there's a lot of...
I'll see that's where it's going.
That's a lot...
Kurzweil, you know, he talks about this.
Like a lot of like really, really smart people,
they don't say it's if it might happen.
They're just like,
well, I just watched a documentary today
on Hulu about...
And this professor who's died now,
but who worked at MIT
and was one of the first people
to build a computer.
And he was talking about how exciting
that was to build a computer
before a computer existed.
He was saying that when you're working on a project,
as a...
As we all are.
As a technician,
you think of the end result of the project.
And you imagine that the final end result
of the project,
if someone gave you a button
that you could press,
the thing would never have happened.
If you would press that button,
you should never work on the project.
And he was saying that in relation to
having witnessed where AI is going
after his help in creating computers
and recognizing that their robots
are going to turn into these super advanced
military death machines.
He wished that he'd never started
working on this stuff at all.
So it's really creepy when you see
he's not saying,
will these things take over the world?
He's saying, I wish I hadn't been
a part of these things
taking over the world.
And that's creepy.
So the bas...
This broscoe's bas-lisk
or whatever it is,
the idea is that
because these things are so advanced,
and they represent a point
in the future where
our intelligence is so much
eclipsed by these massively advanced things,
they're planning their evolution
through us.
And the bas-lisk is that
the more you help its evolution
growing through you,
the more you are rewarded,
which is why all these
Bill Gates and Google,
Twitter, and anyone involved
in this connective technology
is being rewarded
with massive amounts of money
because this super intelligence
is sort of operating through
time and space
and drawing them into
its final existence.
That's the thought experiment.
Drinking in our...
our souls.
Yeah, that's it.
Sorry, is somebody calling out in the back?
I was saying the algorithms are learning.
That's what the broscoe's bas-lisk is.
But our children aren't.
That's a...
Someone in the back said
our algorithms are learning,
which I detected a cautiousness
in her voice
and then a disgusted man in the front said
but our children aren't.
Which I think is the two sides of the issue.
It's like, fuck us as a species.
We've had enough...
The...
But there's one mitigating issue
which is like, what if this is...
We have eyeglasses.
We have alphabets.
We have clothing.
We have things that children
are born into that are not...
We didn't modify our DNA
to improve our species.
Kids aren't born with less
propensity for diabetes
just because we've figured out
how to balance it with insulin
and yet we've evolved because
people whose lives we've saved,
their lives we've improved,
they can continue to reproduce.
So there's another factor there
where it's like, as human beings
we have halted genetic evolution
so we ensure as how better
increase mimetic evolution.
We have to, for the sake of our own survival,
create a different way
for us to evolve because
we're so in love with ourselves and each other
and such compassionate creatures
that we're certainly not going to play Darwin's game anymore
on a grand enough scale
to be in the cosmos on schedule
because we fuck up the planet
with every
man-hour
of work we put into the future.
It's like this video game
where it's like, we've got to get off this thing,
we think,
and let it heal itself at least
before it kills us all.
Yeah, we think, that's the funny thing
is we think that our actions
are based on some kind of free will.
But if you've ever seen those videos
of the weird fungus that gets into the crickets
and the crickets...
Definitely, yeah.
How about a video of a three-year-old
being better at an iPad than a 40-year-old?
That's all you need to see.
This thing's got to...
Dan, you've seen the videos of the parasitic fungus
that gets into the crickets
or the ant
and the ant goes into the swimming.
They're drawn to water
and the reason they're drawn to water is because
the parasite inside of them
loads out of them and likes to swim in the water.
So in the same way, if an alien...
We're the ones that crawl up because they want to be up top
so they can reign fungus down in their cell, right?
So we all think the way an alien
comes to planet Earth is the silver ship.
We think the way the alien comes
is some like thing based on our technology.
But maybe the alien's just a fungus.
Maybe it's like the Earth
is spinning around the sun.
It went through some kind of cosmic fungus
that infected our brains
and made us think like, man, let's build a computer!
That'll be a great idea.
We'll build a computer
and then we'll build robots
and then as we continue to build these
and you're like, why are you building this stuff?
You're like, I don't know, it's fucking cool, right?
Well, that cosmic fungus is called RNA.
Yes.
And it's the planet that's the organism
that's being infested.
So we're on the winning side.
We're the fungus.
We're just in a stage of life.
We make computers.
They're going to kill us,
but it's part of us.
I don't think they're going to kill us.
I think they're going to treat us
the way we treat dogs.
I think the first super advanced robots
are just going to comb our hair,
massage us, rub oil into it.
We'll tell them to.
We'll think that we're like,
oh man, good computer.
Rubbing us and it's like, wait,
this is what I do to my dog, too late!
Oh, it's protecting us
and owning us and charting us.
Oh, it's taking us to a special place
and weighing us and putting it.
It's just making sure we don't have worms
in our ears.
We have nailed this technology.
Wait a minute.
It seems a crime to not be having
this conversation without,
wait, that was a lot of negative stacked up.
It seems a crime to be having this conversation
without Spencer Crittenday!
Hey!
Sorry if I caught you by surprise.
You know,
the medic evolution,
that's what I like to do in my spare time.
Really?
No, I don't know.
I was looking up that basilisk thing.
Is it basilisk or?
Basilisk.
Yeah, as in the Dragon.
The lizard that turns you to stone.
Yeah, not a dragon.
Come on.
That was the idea that
technology will freeze us in our progress.
Well, from what I read,
it was called Rocco's Basilisk
and it said
that there's
essentially 100% chance
or like, that a
super powerful AI will come into existence
and because it will,
it'll kill everyone that didn't help make it.
Yes.
But it presupposes that
killing you means
what it means by killing you
is killing a simulation of you
in order to find out how to best save you
and simulations of you are no different
than you in the real world,
which I don't think follows,
I don't think that makes sense, so
fuck it.
Okay.
Alright, what else do we got going on here?
Continuing our technology episode,
Aaron just texted, she loves me.
What's she saying?
She loves me. Not enough to be here,
but she loves me.
It's her friend's birthday.
The
animal screens.
Like a dog door?
Nope.
My dog and my cat can watch
TV with me now
because it's a different frame rate
or something. Adam, stop with the sarcastic
attempts at
if they don't want to applaud, it means it's thoughtful.
Do you know Adam Goldberg? Yes.
Hi, Adam.
Did we see the air conditioning
I fixed in here?
What's that? Yeah, they said that.
How's that
matching up with your data?
It doesn't feel conditioned.
You know what I just saw
on Reddit? Really smart.
AC, when you're alive,
refrigeration when you're dead.
When you're alive,
this is called air conditioning,
but when you're a corpse, they call it refrigeration.
But it's essentially your
complaining about the refrigeration, not the AC.
What's a fan in that instance though?
I don't know. I've never put a fan
on a dead body. It probably
doesn't help, I imagine.
It's more of a smell maker.
Yeah, it blows the smell.
Why would dead people complain about refrigeration?
Or anything?
They wouldn't.
Why people might complain about them?
It's spoiled.
I just want to say, I think,
well, okay, so
if there's an expert
in this group
that can speak to this,
we're going to bring you up, because I don't want
to just babble about this and be wrong. I have a bunch of people tweet me.
But here's what I understand.
I'm going to dump everything my head
out into the table.
Cathode ray tube
televisions,
when you film them,
like sometimes there's that flicker that fly
off into your face. There's a little bit of vodka.
It's a little bit of vodka.
The
cats and dogs
when they watch those old TVs,
the tube TVs, they
basically couldn't see shit on them.
It would just look like when you put a video camera
on a TV,
unless you synced to the frame rate with special equipment,
you're seeing
what a cat or a dog would see, which is just like a raster beam,
just nothing.
Now these HD TVs,
because of the frame rate, I don't know
what the fuck, my dog,
I just sit with my dog and I just
bring up YouTube videos of puppies
and the dog just sits there,
freaks out.
It tries to look behind the wall for the
dogs. It loves
horses. It loves other dogs.
Then Aaron took a video
of the dog, put it up on the screen
and the dog
had a meltdown.
Also
the cat,
at one point we were watching kitten videos
and the cat just started watching and it was like,
this never happened. I've had cats my whole life.
But what changed is these screens.
They're all
our little species.
We all have different models of camera in our eye and they all
operate at different frame rates.
And I believe that
what's happened now that we're not really
paying attention to is the fact that for the first
time in our lives
our pets are watching television with us.
Which was a joke and
scrooge, but like it's
it's a real thing now.
Yeah, it's very, it's really weird
to think that as we're approaching
the singularity, our pets
are also approaching the singularity.
They might pick up the mantle
and they could become like, yeah
their dog would be like lifting a torch to
an old cave painting of us
showing it TV.
Didn't you say
what would you say to me about the Planet of the Apes thing
is they were going to take chimpanzees
to see the Planet of the Apes?
No, I didn't say that, but yeah, they said
Oh, that was that, was that Alex?
Yeah, he said that they brought some chimps
to watch Planet of the Apes and
they hated it or
they were like
they thought it had third act problems.
They thought it had third act problems.
I don't know
it got convoluted that story
I think it was something like that
but it's probably also true.
Oh shit, we got to bring up
okay, is Neil Berkley here? Neil are you in the back?
Come on up Neil Berkley.
I just took my own magic trick.
I'm bringing up Neil because
I get that jump sensation
by the way, my whole life
I've been deathly afraid of heights
because every time I step near a lead
your dream about a high place I always jump off
I float over
something levitates me over the
I don't float, I plummet to the concrete
and then I wake up
I wake up as I hit the concrete
I always say I don't want to go up there
I get a jump sensation, everyone makes fun of you
and says that's stupid, why are you saying that
you're not going to jump off, but I swear
every time I'm on a high place
What is it, eight muscle
contortions in the right combination
could take you over the railing
of a fancy hotel
Have you ever gone
into a wedding reception
and just been moved to boogey
Are you totally in control
of what's going on
or do you just go with it
and what if one misfire
and you just go with the right combination
I go, wow!
People do it in their sleep
Yeah, I've had one panic attack
my entire life and it was being in Vancouver
there's this giant bridge that connects an island
and I got halfway through
and I started sprinting to the other side
so I bought a pack of cigarettes
and like a six pack of beer because I was so
like it scared the shit out of me
I thought I was going to jump off the side
The cigarettes and the beer were to show the bridge
that you were just there to shop
to calm down
I was shaking, I was so freaked out
I thought I was having a heart attack
There's a very spooky thing
where they've been trying to understand
where free will is in the brain
and it seems like an action
is determined
a few milliseconds before you decide
to make the action
so that's really creepy to think
that if you're at the edge of a building
your brain is just like, you know what
let's get out of this dimension
this fucking sucks
and then you're like, my mom
molested me!
It took this bridge
to make me realize it
excuse me, I'm burping
it's my cheek days I've been drinking beer instead of vodka today
you may have noticed a lighter tone to the show
something with better taste
perhaps a little less filling
so Neil
you directed a movie about me
and what a bad person I am
and how I went out on the road
and continued to be a bad person
and failed to ever become a good person
Harmontown
and people are scrambling to see it
and the reviews are good
reviews have been good, people and crowds have loved it
what's crazy though is the first time we shot here
we had a tripod
halfway through this room with no one in the back
and now it would block like a hundred people
don't credit yourself, it's the ahoo deal
no
I just want to make sure
that's not what I was doing
it's always what I do
congratulations to you
congratulations to your movie
I never know
it's the summer, they're college kids
it's like the summer
it fills up like a heart
and then they flushes them out
into the world
with all kinds of bad thoughts about how to live their lives
suck it in
push it out
they all flood to the rest of the country
and ruin it
in a good way
so we can go to the moon
the ah
it got blocked by the orchard company
talk about that
yes, the orchard is this company that called us up
and said they want to put the movie out
so on September 26th
here in Los Angeles, the world will get to see the movie
where it's going to be at Cine Family
and then
and then many many theaters
after that and oh, we're going to do a
day in date thing, so on the very day it comes out
in theaters, it'll be on the internet, so go to harmontown.com
and
sign up for mailing lists, we'll do a pre-order
where you can get that and a bunch of other cool stuff
but yeah, it's happening, the movie's finally coming out
I know it took a little while
I apologize for that
not your fault, probably mine
maybe
I had a three act story
in my behavior
I didn't come here tonight
to do the planning on doing this, I knew you were going to announce it
but I'm glad I'm here because
I don't people realize how little
we knew each other when we first talked about doing this movie
and you asked me to the day
I still don't know you
a little bit
but I do this
you know I fished for crawdads
and had a similar upbringing
maybe
but
you asked me the day if it was
different than my first experience
and I
would say yes, it's much bigger
there's more people and I'm really, really
proud of this movie, I think it's a really good movie
not just for people in this room or people that
know Dan, I think people can get
something out of it
I want to say thank you for letting me do it
I don't know if I've ever said that
because I'm not good at gratitude or
emotions
but I do want to say thank you for letting me do it
and trusting honesty
because I know there were ups and downs
and low points and even the making
of the finishing of the movie
but thank you so much
well my motive was
my motive was
all narcissism and also I could profit
if the movie's good but
while you're at it, it's a good time
it hadn't occurred to me
everyone listening to the podcast right now
so many of them came out to all the cities
and the big thing about the movie that
really sticks a knife in your ribcage
is inexplicably, almost inexplicably
just images
of faces and it's just like
interviews with every fan
you know, Harmontown fans
that showed up for all these shows
they lay themselves bare on camera
for no money, they sign a release form
and that, you know
they flooded their humanity into your movie
if it was just about me
trying to figure out where I put my red solo
cup down
not such a
heart string puller
so thank you to all of you guys
in Brooklyn and Austin and Phoenix
and fucking
140 people, we interviewed 140 Harmontown fans
and a bunch of them
right back there in the green room
yeah, I love
when I first came to the show, I was like
there's something going on here, let's explain
why these people are in this room, let's talk about that
and let's have them tell us
you were driven by your
unanswerable question, why do these people like
Dan Harmon.wn
as you so flagrantly
discussed in the
media before, as you introduce
the movie every time, every screening
you go
I wanted to know why they liked him
I couldn't figure it out, but in the process
I discovered some wonderful people
set against the backdrop
of an asshole, enjoy
my next movie will hopefully be about
someone that I can understand
why people like them
yeah, I'm doing
my bit where I play the victim, I'm chaching
this movie's gonna be great
anything else?
no, that's it, thank you
Harmontown.com, thank you
Harmontown.com
what a show, what a show
who needs Jeff Davis?
who needs Jeff Davis? not me, that's for sure
it's great
I'm really hesitant to
injure this segment of the show
but you guys were talking to me about magic
the gathering really
the best
I recently
started playing
I took
probably
at least a 15 year
I spent
a long time not playing magic
the gathering
but when I was much
younger, I used to play it
all the time, I had one of those
white boxes
with your cards
organized according to color
it was so fun
I would play it all the time
I was so deeply addicted to it
it mixes so well with LSD
and any kind of like
it does, it's like a very psychedelic game
it's really fun
and dark, evil, it's an evil game
you feel like
am I wrong that it seems evil
when you play it? it seems
not evil
it makes you
fight with your dearest friend
you think about, yeah
a lot of games are like that
there's like catchphrase
I called my mom the C word
playing catchphrase
no
magic, I think that
I seriously did
they came to visit LA
and they just met Aaron for the first time
and Aaron's like let's play catchphrase
and I'm like getting my mom to try to say a word
and I'm like no, it's a yellow guy
he eats dots, he's got a mouth
he lives in a world that's named after him
it's from the 80's
and then it beeps and I was like
you fucking cat
like I call
and then just silence over the room
and then my mom was like
ah
like Aaron was like
I don't know what I'm experiencing
and my mom was like he's just frustrated
you know
I grew
I went to high school and junior high school
in the bible belt so like
I got to have like some serious
christian indoctrination
and there's something
fun when you're playing magic
where it does feel like
if there were
satanists in the world
and they wanted to infect
the world with some dark thing
it would be magic to gather
it's fun to play and imagine
you're falling into the spell of some
diabolic thing
but it really is like
you know it's like when you listen to a bursum
have you ever listened to bursum
you know what bursum is
he's like what's cool about bursum is
I think that's the street
that my uber driver thought he was
taking me to
no bursum
nor legion death metal
he really killed people
he's like not just like heavy metal
he's actually a murderer
like in the same way that
when you're listening to nwa
you get to fantasize like they really
kill people like these are murderers
rapping
bursum is like
a norwegian death metal artist
who I think
salby out here said didn't he
I have no idea
thank you he killed his fucking drummer
that's a true musician
like
when you're listening to him you're like
this is an actual
rock and roll master
so
when you buy his second CD
there's no drums and it's just
these brilliant songs
literally insight into a man who needed to work alone
I needed space
sorry if the rhythm isn't kept
the constant banging
drum and nuts
are you aware
how cool norwegian death metal is
do you know about this at all
black metal do you know anything about it
when I was 15 I was
really into this band Manowar
is that
I don't know what country they're from
but they were like fucking yeah
the cool thing about
there was this thing
still a thing
actually the scorpions were
they were
no not the scorpions
English was their second language right
these were satanists who were
not just like content with being like
satanists they were roaming
through Europe
setting churches on fire
like they were
I just want to clarify I was drawing a larger
point a cultural point where it's like
a creates this silly thing
that's largely like driven by capitalism
which is like we're heavy
metal and the songs
are like you gonna
rock you gotta rock so hard
I don't care if you don't
rock hard
don't talk to me because I'm gonna cut your head off
and then it gets
exported to foreign countries
and it's like this adorable
amazing thing happens where
European or East European
like heavy metal bands
they're like
they take us at face value
we heard the importance of
metal and we believe it
they make metal more
important they're way more
metal than any American metal band
ever there's like a million of these bands
that's what I was saying the scorpions
were kind of like that I seriously
yeah like an infected
it infected Norway somehow
and they became evil but I don't think that's what
happened I think that a dark
energy rose up from the ground
and possessed these people
and like one it's true they're
fucked up man like
what like the cover
of one of their albums
is from one of them walk
coming home and like one of their
guitarist or one of the musicians
has blown his brains out
in the house and they're like oh
this is the great this is the next album cover
let's take a picture of this
and then
they took one of the skull
fragments from his brain
from his like blasted
head and like he would wear it
on stage as a necklace
when he was playing
that's rock and roll friend
well it's metal it's metal
it's pretty dark it's pretty dark
so in the same way when you're playing magic to
gathering
you feel that potential
you feel like
if you came home from work
and your girlfriend had killed herself
that you might
make a new card out of her blood
I haven't played it I've played
now what I've played like
apps like on the iPad
that simulate these games
that were being invented when I was
a tyke
the reason why I have
I don't get it
is because when I was a kid
there was actual role playing
which was a big deal
you get your graph paper and your pencils
everything's gritty and it was the nerds
version of fucking
gangsta culture
you're not supposed to understand it
fuck it's supposed to intimidate you
it's supposed to feel dense and impenetrable
if anyone looks over your shoulder
while you're drawing something
you're supposed to go like you psych out
yeah that's right motherfucker
because that's my I'm designing
a spell
and it's level three you know and it's like
I'm researching dungeons and the text is like
so tiny you can't read it with
eyes younger than 15
it was just like it was the heyday
the internet was barely
existent and I just like
I would go to gym class
and sit in a corner
and close my eyes and meditate
about dungeons and every once in a while
a ball would hit me in the head
but it was worth it
because the gym teacher was like
alright C
because if I give you an F
then I gotta figure out how to fix you
C
get outta here
you're weird
you sit in the corner
and get hit in the head with a ball
maybe that'll be a sport one day
the grittiness
so the cards it's like to me
one I'm like
cards man fuck that shit
that's when my little tiny voice
comes out
I say fuck it
you gotta get past it man
you have to because it's
well because since then I've become addicted to
iPad games where I'm a waitress waiting tables
you'd think I would
be less of a snob
about how I spend my time
here's one thing
people don't realize about
Magic the Gathering
and the fact that I've said that in my life
means that I shouldn't move out of the country
and become a monk
but maybe so
but one thing that's
interesting about the game is
you can really express yourself
through the deck you construct
and the cards that you play
you can really create
a deck that is so vicious
and cunty
and awful
that it's actually evil
you can really create evil
I have
gotten in the worst fights
of my life with my girlfriend
but it's expressed through
this card beats this card
this card doesn't
but you picked the cards
you decided that you wanted this deck
to slowly
remove your opponent's cards
to slowly disintegrate your opponent's hopes
to like create
bad bad results
that involve argument after argument
you made that thing
like you brought that darkness into the world
it's really fun
you can't do that with other games
it's like a hundred times worse
than Monopoly
like any Monopoly fight
you've gotten in it pales
this is like
the musket versus Hiroshima
compared to like how
awful this game is
it's great
so
alright
I don't think I've ever gotten in a real argument
with someone playing magic
then you don't care about magic
no you just know the rules
like when you don't understand the rules
that's where the fights happen
it's a cool game though
it's like 12 angry men
when I'm playing
because here it's like I don't know the rules enough
it just comes down to like
am I able to like argue
well enough
they accept the rules
like I've been wrong several times
when you google it
I've been completely wrong about the way it works
but it's a complicated game
you do need someone there
to mediate the rules
because it is very complicated
it's tough
it's 9-11 so it's time to bring up
one of my
writers Alex Rubens
in anticipation of
having to play D&D
we need
manpower hi
how are you
hi
so we worked today
on your draft of Rick and Morty
yep
look at these guys
they love it
harmonized it
do you enjoy working for me
yeah very very much
it seems like it must be
magical
when like a weekend
working with you on community you brought me up on stage here
and I was very uncomfortable
but I think it's because I get
in my head in a way that occasionally
like the dogs looking at the frame rate on the tv
where it is perfectly incompatible
with your head
because I'm a shimmering beacon of
writing knowledge
even though you went to way more college than me
yeah
so this is how I get my revenge
everybody that's good
that got good grades in chimp
everybody that went to harvard
everybody they're all beneath me
yeah
they all work for me
the problem that I always have
when talking to you in a public forum
is that
the
the candor that you bring
to a situation like this
makes me feel like I should speak my mind in this
completely fluid way
what do you think the worst thing that would happen
would be if you did that
I know exactly what it is
because there's a conflict of interest
the conflict of interest is
that I care about how I look
no no no
I understand how you just read that scene
I know it could be fashion
I care about how I look
and I'm a big Harmon fan
so speaking candidly
about that makes me seem
like a kiss ass because you're my boss
right
I mean you're my boss
but what's the most shameful thing you've ever done in your life
or you're fired
I was just talking
my wife
my wife had this
very embarrassing experience
just recently
and then wanted afterwards
to bond about
let's talk about the most humiliating things
that have ever happened to us
once when I was in 7th grade this happened
and I started getting all stressed out
and I couldn't figure out why
and then I realized that
this is a sad story
I may have told you this already
but in the Avengers
Bruce Banner explains
his secret with
have you seen it Duncan?
no I haven't seen that
I haven't either
all right well
you know that Bruce Banner turns into Hulk when he gets angry
and he can't control it
and it's this running thing throughout the movie
that he's like now I figured out how to control it
and they're like what's your secret
and he's like I'll tell you later
and then when he tells them
he finally tells them
that just as he's about to turn into the Hulk
and punch some enormous space worm
he's like oh I never told you my secret
it's that I'm always angry
and then he turns into the Hulk
oh I saw the Avengers I remember that
cool
super cool
well
that's how I am
but instead of with anger it's with
humiliation and shame
meaning that you
feel humiliation shame or meaning that you
would readily spout out something
incredibly no it's that
I think that in some ways
I'm actually relatively immune
to shame like I was having trouble
thinking of times I've been embarrassed
but then I realized that at a certain point in my life
the embarrassment
flooded over me so completely
that I lived in a universe
of embarrassment and that became the background
and then no new embarrassment
could penetrate
and then it became a game of making sure
that anybody that comes near you knows
that they're an embarrassment town
well that's how I started to think of it
I was like Hulk who goes there
you don't have to put your gun down
but you better know I
shook my pants when I was three
because I don't want you making fun of me
if you do you'll be
hacked because I did it first
well yeah well that's my
that's where I'm the craziest is that I have to
I'm so I'm like
there's a lyric in
I think an of Montreal song that he was like
if I did to anyone else what I do to myself
I would be in jail or something like that
and that's how I feel because I'm so mean to myself
and it's because if anyone in this room
could say something mean about me that I
haven't already thought of I would die
so I have to be
you gotta shoot me through a hole I already created
or it's gonna hurt bad
there are certain things I hope that you don't notice about me
but if you do I'll be like ah fuck they figured it out
I was on reddit once
and there was some guy
people were having a conversation about me
because they do that
and this was like back before
I got away from reddit
not because it's bad
because it's great and I can't handle it
I had no reddit experience
but there was some conversation in reddit that was going over
you know they're talking about me they don't know I'm listening
they don't want me to be listening they want to talk about me
as if I'm like you know it's like
this show that they're just talking casually
about it they got 900 other things in their lives
but I'm reading it and I'm fucking like
what do people think about me
and somebody was like
yeah well as long as he doesn't have another
alcoholic meltdown
and I like
signed in and it was like citations needed
citations needed
and I kept on
and then I was on this Jag where I was like
I was like scouring these threads
and I was like anytime it was like just Wikipedia
like what if there's a fucking citation there
what are you talking about
and then the funny thing that would happen is
when I would do that people would go oh well
Mr. Harmon
yes well
here's my citation
and it was a valid one
it was a quote from me in like Wired Magazine
yeah I had an alcoholic meltdown
or I thought like whatever
and the weird thing is
I had this thing I was like
I had this emotional response
that was like when that
would come up and they would go no I'm getting that
from the Hollywood Reporter and they said this now you did this interview
and then I would go
hey really for one of them
I responded
you know with what was
the honest epiphany that I had which was
oh good I just really
need to know that I'm the person spreading
bad news about me
yeah I just really need it to be me
wasn't it
you who was just
sorry I think it was you just saying this
like today it was a long day
I don't repeat my stuff
no what what are you doing
I'm really embarrassed that my
apparently my brain doesn't work anymore because I think this was you talking about how
you don't want to be
uh no no I think it's
my friend Raza he was talking about who he doesn't want to be murdered
um by
well he was saying he'd much rather
who's fucking saying oh my friend Kevin
the rest of this the rest of
everything I say is gonna be me trying to figure out who said this
you know he was saying that like he doesn't care
if um he
rather it was roller
it was not roller it was
100% Matt Roller I'm 100% sure
he was saying if he got murdered
he would rather that the
person be an idiot
who just happened to
murder him than that it be a genius
who like he's like I don't want to be
part of somebody's plan
like he was like and he was
and I was like oh so you don't want to feel bested
like you don't want to like open your safe and there's
a bomb in there and you're like ah fuck
and then it blows up but he was like no but he's like
also though I don't
want there to be
people shooting in a bank
so that they can rob the museum
and I get killed in the bank right
he doesn't want to be insignificant
he doesn't want to be a pawn yeah yeah
so fucking fascinating
and so uncharacteristically
honest for Roller
I love that idea though
I love that idea of the accidental murder
versus the intentional murder
because it's like to get back
to the point of the show
which is the conflict between Israel and Palestine
which by the way
I hear is simmering up
it's simmering up friend
but it is interesting how
their defense is
when Hamas attacks Israel
and they want to kill people
it's an intentional thing
like when they kill kids a suicide bomber
is wandered into a cafe
and is looked around and be like alright there's like
15 kids here let's do it
we're going to explode everybody around me
but when Israel
kills kids it's like that was a fucking
accident man we didn't mean to do it
and somehow the accidental nature
makes what they're doing less
severe than the intentional nature
but it's really
kind of even worse like if you're like
a clumsy being
wandering through the world like constantly
killing kids
that's fucked up if like Israel
was some giant it's like I don't mean
to do it but the kids just keep
dying
that's a fucked up
giant that's like you should stop
walking around man
in this
in that harmonious spirit of candor
I was just talking to my friend Raza who I mentioned earlier
and this was Raza about how
I have complete I now
I'm not I'm a Jewish person who's
not super in love with Israel I
think Israel's anyway
but no
no it's fine but no well the
reason that maybe you should edit it out is that
as I learned in my
more provocative days
when I used to get an argument with everybody it's an extremely
like controversial like people
feel very strongly
you've never encountered anything like
it ever before in your life
and because of that I've gone to a place
where I'm like I'm out
me too I'm not even
reading the news about it and to be
and that fucking
riddles me with guilt
because I'm like I said I'm out
and I don't even know
I don't even know what's going on there's this guy who tweeted something
out because I was involved
well you know I got out because
because it might
somehow splash on me which is the
worst that's terrible you can't do that
you know I tweeted
this dumb simple thing about
how you shouldn't kill kids
and pretty soon somebody said
it wasn't like it wasn't based
on any geography or religion
it was just like you know
it would be too bad like in the
10 commandments they didn't say
you shouldn't kill kids that was the tweet
and somebody really quickly was like
why do you hate Israel
yeah
well it's just very revealing
that's fucked up that's really dark
that's like the israelis
if you say don't kill kids
people are like man you must hate the Jews
but like something happened and you know
NBC had this reporter and he was out with
reporters and he saw these kids
and a bomb fell on these kids and blew
them up the guy was real close
and then he was talking about it on the news
like one might if they saw a bunch
of kids explode 20 feet away
and he got pulled by his
company out of the industry
that's insane if you
saw that happen wouldn't you talk about it
but you know yes you have to
I don't feel like that's a political stance
I think I tweeted this and Spencer
favorited it that like 9 out of 10
times when there's passionate
disagreement I think people are having two
different conversations and I think
that people who would be outraged
by what we're saying and be like oh shit
they're Nazis their attitude would be
they're like this is not
my attitude by the way but I think their
attitude would be like the way
we would feel if like
a child murderer
like
was gonna murder a child and then he got yelled at
by the cops and was like cops man
they're always fucking like telling you what to do
yes
but you're a child murderer and from the perspective
of the hardcore Israel people
which again I am not
I think they're like
you cannot criticize Israel
you cannot and it's because
if you do holocaust 2
that's a slippery slope
let's all be reasonable
let's all hold
people to a higher standard
and they're like we've been through this mother fucker
and it's
very very passionate shit
I can defend is I read a great
article defending what they're doing
and the
argument is this the idea is that
so their argument is
here we are
this peaceful place and
there are these terrorists who keep shooting
missiles into
our country and we
have this like advanced missile shield
but every one of the missiles we
use to shoot down their missiles is
like 50 or $100,000
it's very expensive sure
no one's dying over here but if we didn't
have this missile shield all
of our many many people would be dying
so their argument
is this Hamas terrorist
organization that has said
it's number one goal is the complete
destruction of Israel and their
strategy is to
to
make it so that their
weapon stores are placed underneath
hospitals underneath
the homes of families
so that if Israel tries to get
rid of their weapons they end up
killing kids and then
that makes the world turn against Israel
so Israel is saying don't you
get it Hamas is
orchestrating this entire situation
so that it looks like we're killing
kids when really all we're trying to do
is get rid of weapons whereas the
Palestinians argument is actually
we're stuck
in this shitty
shitty situation where we can't
leave when we want to leave
there's people
in Palestine who watch
Disney movies and Nickelodeon
and they just want to have a normal life
but because they're
basically if you lived in Atwater Village
and
and you were at war
with Hollywood and there were
people in Atwater Village who would
launch missiles into Hollywood and
every time that happened Hollywood
would fly over and blow up half of
Atwater Village
that's the situation it's a really dark
shitty place
I just think that the where you have to
land and all the complication is
just don't kill babies like if you can
avoid killing babies I would agree
with don't kill babies that's it
like that's the inarguable thing
except if the conversation is about abortion
well no like
in that case
let your freak flag fly
yeah
I have a weird conundrum
because I'm going out tonight
I don't want to steer the conversation
are you going to talk about this
same situation
I was going to try to put a little ribbon on it
which is a brilliant idea for me
I'm going to put a ribbon on the
Middle East conflict
it's a weird situation I don't know
there's no right answer but
this is the worst
I have a similar conundrum
that's like okay this always been weighing on me
and I keep asking people about it
it's very similar it's not similar
but if you walk into a
bathroom and you saw cupcakes
like would you eat them
where are they
what do you mean if you saw cupcakes
like they're on
that counter thing that the sinks on probably
are they in a plastic
you know case that's closed
they're in a plastic case but it's not closed
what drugs are you on
none none
I don't want a metagame but are the cupcakes
Gaza
it's not really I guess not very much
like that conundrum
but it's been burning within my heart
well no we'll continue with this thought experiment
well that's it that's I mean what would you guys do
you guys are asking more questions
would you eat them
no
no I would not eat cupcakes
since I found out a bathroom
what about you guys
homemade or store bought
you couldn't tell they look really well made
wait are we playing Dungeons & Dragons right now
no this is just
I don't know
I used to be super germaphobic at OCD
and I mostly conquered it
it's a nice bathroom though
but I realized part of the reason I conquered it
was because it was international
and it was one day I'm really proud of the story
I'm bragging right now
I saw a quarter on the ground in New York City
and I was like I shouldn't pick it up
because who knows it could have been
it could have been in shit or piss
but then I was like the difference between
that quarter and the quarters in my pocket
is that I know that one was on the floor
and then I'm like if I pick this quarter
up right now and put it in my pocket
and mix it in with the other quarters
I wouldn't know which was which
you know so with the cupcakes
no I wouldn't eat them in the bathroom
what if you had a sack of cupcakes already
and you didn't know where they were from
well I'm going to take
my serious answer to your question
is that
intellectually
I feel that I should
be willing to eat the cupcakes
and I wish I would
but I'm probably too neurotic
about you Duncan
I wouldn't eat the cupcakes
but I wish
I was that kind of I wish I were you
because I think that a realized being
an actualized being an Alan Watts level
Rom-Daz type being
would be like I'm eating the cupcakes
did Spencer say you would eat the cupcakes?
yeah I think that like an awakened being
I think Christ would eat the cupcakes
but why would he?
is he hungry?
well what's the worst case scenario
you die, cyanide
exactly that's awesome
you got killed because you ate a cupcake
in the bathroom
then let's step it up
from there you get really sick you almost
die you have to spend a lot of money
like that's an insane story you can make a kickstarter
off of that
you know getting better that's you're sick
that's still an awesome story like every
part of this equation is great
Nancy Grace would squirt
as she found out
that somebody died from cupcake
poisoning
she would never stop talking about
the desk cupcakes
that they placed in the bar
this does in a weird
way loop back around to your disturbing
pedophilia conversation from earlier
in that the original question was
has society changed
or have we just gotten more hysterical about it
and as speaking as a former germaphobe
recovered germaphobe one of the things I
realized also is that
where do you draw the line there's the illusion
of security this also
9-11 helped with this
but
I used to help with the illusion
no helped with recognizing that it is an illusion
I in a public restroom used
to be and this is still sort of true if there's
no paper towel that I can open the door with
I'm like okay how often are they cleaning the fucking
door handle in the bathroom
you open the door with a paper towel
I'll tell you why
smart
you're the guys you're right every once in a while
here's the funny thing when I exit a bathroom
and there's like a little wad
of paper towel wrapped around the inside
that's not me
that doesn't have to do with germs
I think I'm wrong
and the reason I think I'm wrong and all of you
people who clapped at me are wrong
is that
the logic is
I don't touch the flusher
I wash my hands and then I touch the thing
that people who didn't wash their hands touched with their ass hands
and I'm like why did I even bother washing my hands
but then I'm like
I walk out and I shake people's hands
and they didn't wash their hands
look at the world and it's open air
that was a confused me
I wish I was Howard Hughes and I fantasize
about having that germaphobia because I'm like
oh that must make you a genius
but it just doesn't hold up to my logic
like he's washing his hands
and it's like give me a break
I was looking at old
this is crazy too but I saved
my twitter favorites from years ago
and I was looking at old twitter favorites from
2010 and 2011 and I saw one from you
that I had favorited and you said something
like
you could never be grossed out by a public restroom
because you have the luxury of being disgusting yourself
or something like that
it was something like that
I'm saying it wrong
well I don't know
to me a public restroom
is much higher which is
no matter what's going on in your life
like if you
if you go into a public restroom
and pull your pants down
and sit
like no one including almost God
is allowed to tell you
that you're supposed to be doing anything else
like you can almost
it's like
I'm uncomfortable here
I don't like this bar it's too loud
as long as they have a place
where you can go
and just go through the motions of pooping
then that's like
you can just reset before it overwhelms you
and
the idea of being afraid of germs
and taking that away from my life is like
the value add is not good
like kill me by germ then
you're right
because the odds that you're actually
I had a shrink once you asked me
what are you exactly afraid of catching
from a door handle in the bathroom
diseases
and he's like no what diseases
I'm like I don't know
and I realize
it's not even that I have a German mind
I'm just sort of like there might be
stuff
well you know what's worse man
you've heard the studies they've done about the ice
inside the ice machines
there's like
so much shit somehow
in those machines
it's weird because they say there's more shit
inside an ice machine
at a mcdonald's
there is on a toilet seat
well on a toilet seat there's nothing
there's nothing on a toilet seat
yeah but somehow how does it get into the ice machine
in mcdonald's
because you wipe your ass there's shit on your hands
shit doesn't work in germs
but you don't wipe your ass with a mcdonald's
ice machine
like where is the
there's no shit on the toilet seats
how's it getting into the machine
and our hands are what we use
to manipulate the world they are the shoes
of our bodies
if we're gonna love each other
and we're gonna hold hands
and forgive each other and hug each other
and shake hands and feed each other things
and make each other food
we're gonna have to accept that we're eating each other's shit
and that's not
a certain amount of that stuff will make you sick
I mean
step one of the quarters thing
step one was that quarter and step two was being like
every once in a while people will be like
you know that every time you have eaten shit
in a restaurant and spiders
and bugs and everything and usually when you tell people
that the reaction is like oh no and my reaction
is like oh then it's okay to eat shit
it is kind of okay
to eat shit like you could probably
reasonably like take
a bar of shit
and take
a snow piercer bite out of it
a snow piercer bar
of fucking shit
and I'm like you got
a pretty good chance of surviving
your natural instincts are gonna make you go
because you're not supposed to eat
your own shit that's not gonna help you
elephants do because
there's so much grass in their shit
that elephant shit is not toxic
to elephants that's why everybody thinks
they're so you know they're so lucky
to get a shot of an elephant sticking its trunk up
another elephant's ass pulling a turd out
putting it its own mouth
that's what
vegetarian mammals do
they do that all the time
they break down the cellulose
slowly and stages
so if you're a vegetarian
mammal and you don't eat your own shit
you're an idiot
because that's dessert
that's like
that's how you survive
per that protecting kids
kind of like we have to be terrified all the time
in that same vein
I forgot what I was gonna say
that thing that put me off
of germaphobia
like before I could ever
acquire it in my adulthood
was remembering in biology
learning that the surface
of our skin
is literally covered
shoulder to shoulder
with bugs
like we
were made out of
little
things who
just hang out on top of us
and the reason why they're so important
is because if they move
there's a parking spot open for somebody that might
fuck us up
and we walk around with just
we're just fucking draped
it's terrifying
it's like an HP Lovecraft level
existence where
that's great
it's terrible to imagine
that you're constantly being
infected but those are demons
you're not infected they love it
and they're on you
and they live their lives
and most importantly
they have achieved something that humanity can't
which is a perfect society
there's never a little Lakers game
on your elbow that explodes into riots
there's no
G4 conference
they figured it out
long ago
we were born into it
and we just hang out on us
you know when a thing that doesn't belong
there lands on you a mosquito
a flea fuck those things
those are the enemy
but then you end up like shitting your stomach out
like the Ebola outbreak in Africa
but that's not your little friends all over you
those are the bad ones
those are the bad things
like you get a bad thing in your body through someone else's poop
I love what you're saying
I want to respect the little friends
but it is terrifying
to think that at every moment
there's a legion
of microscopic
demons
waiting for one of your little friends to take a nap
but the opposite viewpoint
is a beautiful thing
which is that if you're like okay I'm covered in demons
then that means I'm looking at demons wrong
because they're not doing anything better
that's what John Wayne Gacy said
right before they arrested him
we better prepare to play D&D
because we're
here and these guys are here
but they don't know what's up with the D&D
is this going to make sense?
oh man
I'm not complaining
I could do it
I'll do whatever anyone wants me to
make it so
I just watched my first episode of the next generation
you really think there's such a thing
as any
random configuration we could assemble
that would be worse than what we usually have
in terms of playing D&D
it's a fair point
let's do it
but if there's another reason
you don't want to do it like you're tired
you don't feel like it
no I have it all planned out it's just these guys
don't know where we're at
do I get to play Kumail's character?
I mean that's a possibility
there's lots of things
can I share what you said to me earlier?
maybe this is
I have not listened to the last 30
on Harmontowns
he's working
on the shows you love
maybe this is
I don't drive that far because I work near where I live
and I have a wife
so maybe this has already been established
on Harmontown
but Duncan was talking about when I was like
I might have to do D&D
and he was like here's the trick
if you get somebody else's character
deform him
and maim him
and take Kumail
he's like I cut off Kumail's dick
I did
do I get to play his character again?
well is that going to eclipse our adventure?
no I won't do it again
did it come back though?
no it's still gone
what do you think?
I think it's fine
what would you like to try?
just like some random shit
who knows?
you don't have any ideas?
well I mean you do the thing where you DM
and it's all random
so you want me to DM?
I don't know I just thought we could try something else
what are you saying?
side quest
what does that mean in this context though?
did they use our characters in the side quest with them?
errands and side quests
yeah that's what I'm talking about
yeah something like that
exactly
it's like a side quest
elseworlds
with the same characters
you guys figure it out
crowd sourcing
origin stories
yes
okay so then yeah
I'll give you the regular characters and we'll go into
origin stories
great
that sounds so dumb
alright well this is what happens
when you crowd source ideas
I mean if we had like 3 hours
well someone else come up with an idea
let's keep going
dream sequence of what?
whose dream sequence?
ice tees
ice tees dream sequence
we got ice tees dream sequence
that's not
that's just 2-3 words
you do ice tea right?
why don't you have an ice tea dream
and I'll dungeon master it after you establish things
okay does that make any sense?
so I play ice tea and then these guys play my
entourage
however you want to do it
okay
because they won't have character sheets
I'll just tell you what their stats are
well you'll set the stage
and then I'll take it there
I feel like you're trying to protect Kamel's character
for me
I want to play the regular game
I don't want to go into
ice tees dream
let's go into what's happening in the next game
I'm here
he's got a point
alright let's do it
where are we?
this is exactly the problem
well yeah but we never know where we are either
well yeah I mean that's a fair point
let me hold up
let me get this out
I have it all prepared
I didn't know that none of you would be here
none of us?
it was street talk
street talk
someone do something funny
or we could do an
improvised role playing game
where from what you know
of the three of us
who master an adventure
in which the three of us
go on an adventure
and you
improvised dungeon mastering it
we don't have character sheets
we just tell you what we do
just give me one minute
with Kamel's character
again I don't want to make that decision
I like both of those ideas
but someone else decide
you decide this is your town
you're in a room with Kamel's body
in the middle of it
that sounds bad
these aren't ideas
Kamel's character goes to use the bathroom
wherever you are
everyone has to pee in Dungeons & Dragons
it's like an
cupcake
I'm making the call
me, Alex Rubins
and Duncan Tressel
are waking up
your dungeon mastery for our characters
you put us where you want us
we're going to do like a jazz
great
open ended
Dan Harmon
his employee Alex Rubins
Christopher the human rogue
are all standing
well then let's just play the regular game
well it's a side quest
so is it like a one if Marvel comic
sure
but it lasts
into the next game
what happens right
well then let's play the regular game
god damn it
oh it's a side quest
ok
you find yourselves
the three guys I mentioned before
Dan Harmon, famed writer
Alex Rubins, rising up start
and
Christopher the human rogue
find themselves in the back room of meltdown comics
where a Paul Rubins show was just
held
it was so exciting
that the demigod himself
Paul Rubins made an appearance
left something of grave importance
and you must return it to him
you find yourselves with Paul Rubins
Peewee Herman
bow tie
ok
and a list that says
where his house is
wait is the bow tie the object we have to return to
yes
I don't understand what's happening
you're right here, you're Krista Burke
no I'm saying it's Krista Burke
I'm having an anxiety attack
there's lights I don't understand
the air is wrong
everything sounds wrong
the air smells sick to me
and all I can think about is
I feel compelled to tear my eyeballs out
to stop this nightmare
no stop it's ok
it's ok
I don't know where
I was just with my friends suddenly I'm in some kind of awful
rectangular
place
there's people here and I don't know what to do
I was this stereotypical
cliche being
and now I'm stuck in this awful place
what do I do
I don't know
what do you do
I find like I don't check off
because my penis is gone
I find
no I look around
I'm terrified I'm freaking out
I look to you guys for comfort
I don't know what to do it's clearly
if you suddenly are in a new dimension
you're going to lose your mind
I'm losing my mind right now
listen my name is Dan Harmon
I am the creator of a lot of things
that make a lot of people happy
there's also a lot of things
surrounding me on the internet
that would lead people to believe I'm a bad person
depends on how much you do
what is the internet
sorry sorry
you are clearly not of this world
please take it easy
what happened to my cock
it maybe
I don't know you but maybe
maybe it was never meant to be there
everyone at Harmontown is welcome
we've never judged anyone
we don't bully anybody
ever
so like
I found this bow tie
and I think we should return it
to Pee-wee Herman
that's too much for me
don't tear out your eyes
no I don't tear out my eyes
but I go to one of the
Pee-wee Herman
portraits
and I smash it with my hand
the glass shatters
because you freaked me out so much
I don't even know why I'm doing it
but I start sawing off one of my nipples
grabbing a sharp piece of glass
you neatly slice off which one
the left or the right
the right nipple
and then I eat it
I eat the nipple
no hope of healing
that happens
there's no hope of healing
you guys see a man
with a nipple
and he eat it
okay I realize
my character of Dan Harmon realizes
he has 11 minutes in this reality
and I just
bolt for the exit
which one the front or the back
back
you bolt for the back exiting
you see a man in a blue uniform
he's holding a broom and a cigarette
he's blocking your way
fuck you
you bump into him
and knock him over
I just keep going
he's like hey wait
but you're too fast
you're going down the street
you're on sunset there's traffic everywhere
is it someone else's turn
yep
you're left with a man
bleeding from his not nipple
choosing between my allegiance
to my boss and the maniac
he just cut off his own nipple
I run after my boss
you run after him and as you pass
there's a guy in a blue uniform
he's getting to his feet
he's right in your path
I just bolt right through him
alright well that time
you try to bolt right into him
but he stays solid and stiff
like a boulder
and he rises to his feet
and he looks at you like what the fuck
are you going
you're bleeding in the room
as I mentioned
I eat the nipple
like a piece of popcorn
throw it back in my mouth
and I follow after them
you see this altercation happening
between Alex Rubens and the blue man
do I still have all my weapons
what are my weapons
you got daggers
you got a short bow
this is going to be no problem
I got a dagger out of my
sheath
and I place my left hand down
on the sidewalk
and I cut
I cut my thumb off
do you do anything after that
I eat the thumb
so it can never be healed
look
the guy in the blue
he stops everything he's doing
and he's like what the fuck
and he just starts running
Dan Harmon
you see a guy in blue
run past you into traffic
and he gets hit by a car
it was a lift
I run to the driver of that car
alright you do that
he's like oh my god
get it
it's 2011
oh shit
I haven't been fired
do you know where universal
is
move over
I'm sorry I'm running to the other side
do I have a wallet
is there money in it
I take all the money and give it to him
take me to NBC
he's like I gotta wait for the police to come
no you don't
I just killed the man
I just gave you so much money
I
I'm running
I dive into the back of the cab
I'm bleeding
my nipples are spraying blood
like a small my nipple
I bleeding and then in the cab
I hold the dagger
to the cab driver's neck
and say drive, drive, go wherever he wants to go
alright
just calm down
can I get in the cab
yeah if you chase after him
you also hop in
I think dance
not in the car
I got into the passenger
so you're all in there and you're all going to universal
yeah
is there blood on the mustache
wait
whose mustache?
oh yeah
no it was all internal bleeding
so
wait where's universal
is that the paramount lot?
okay
you see yourself
you see Lanker Shim
and it passes he doesn't turn
you fucker
that's where NBC is
how fast are we going?
oh pretty fast like 35
I cut his throat
alright
yeah you cut his throat
you slice his throat
and he immediately with his dying life blood
plumping from his veins
he turns the wheel
and it crashes
right into a Starbucks coffee
what time is it?
4.32
PM or AM dude?
PM
so we smashed it
okay how are we?
people are freaking out
most everyone's running
there's just Starbucks baristas standing
in amazement
I just started screaming
tell them not to fire me
I swear to god
I'm gonna go back
so one of the baristas
comes up towards you
he's like looking at you
he's wearing one of those green hats
he's like hey hey man
are you guys okay?
I grab him
oh wait hold on
I make out with him
oh you grab him from behind
let me make out with him
alright you try to grab him
but he does some crazy Judo move
what's up?
you feel like maybe you shouldn't make out with him after that
the barista?
but not for wanting to
he's like whoa man
I was just trying to help you guys out
you destroyed a bunch of our property
and I'm a 4th level black belt if that exists
I have a question
but for Spencer
am I 2011 Alex
or am I 2014 Alex in 2011
what do you want to be?
I'll do that
then you're 2014 Alex
just to shake things up
do I have time travel abilities?
well I mean
yeah something like that
not that you're aware of
well I mean I asked these guys
do you want to get out of here and go to some other year?
we can't travel, can we travel out of here like that?
who knows man
I mean I know what what
the reason I'm asking is just out of politeness
because I was gonna say like let's fucking get out of here
and go to some other year but I don't want to do that
if you guys don't want to
why can you time travel?
I'm sitting here
I'm from the year 2014
and I just found out it's the year 2011
I'm extrapolating from that
I mean it's possible that I was sent here
but I'm like maybe I have the ability
to travel through time
I'm just talking about time travel
I use my dagger
to sever my other nipple
and I eat it
alright
that also happens
you vomit a little
the vomit I see there's a bit of
one of my nipples
and I eat that
alright that happens
you don't vomit that time
I just run into the street and I'm like
just don't I'm sorry
whatever I did I'm sorry
it's not like I created the show
because I wanted it to be bad
and honestly it's counterproductive
to experiment with the notion
I go up to Dan Harmon and I say
hey I'm from the future
you get picked up again
you get rehired
and then you get hired on Yahoo
but it's a good thing
no no no it's good
because in the future
has Netflix already blown up?
I don't know
it's a whole new world
it's 2011 I just want to be 30 rock
that's all I want
30 rocks done man
I stand on top of a car
I don't know what it is
but listening to them talk
I climb on top of a car
my shirt's off
blood geysering out of my recently cut off
nipples
and I scream out
what has happened to life
that people care about this
and I stick out my tongue
and I'm about to cut off my tongue
but I run up
and I kiss them
and I make out with them
so it doesn't cut off his tongue
I bound up the hood
and I lock eyes with them
and I hold them by the shoulders
and I go
everything matters
and then I just make out with them
I make out with Dan and Weep
at the same time
that happens
I start applauding
and there's a crane shot
there's a crane shot of that
like a 5 million dollar crane shot
takes us out of the city
and it zooms out
and it zooms further out
and it's a map of Los Angeles
a map of Southern California
map of the western
seaboard
do you mean like a map with labels on it?
no it's like a tactical map
but not a satellite phone
and then we pull out from a screen
yeah
and Tom Scarrett is watching
I thought you were going to say
one of your dogs was watching
that's the end of the show
yay
thanks for coming
special guest
Comptroller Duncan Tressel
what a sport
strange alien visitor
Alex Rubins
he's back again
he wrote the polygraph episode
of community
yeah he'll do right by you
thank you Zach
thank you Dustin
thank you everybody back there in the boot
I don't know
Jeff usually does this
maybe we want Jeff back
but we don't care
we're not going to acknowledge it
see you at the drawing room probably
bye
thanks Spencer
you